(Kim Lip filming the scene that goes the stairs!)
(She jumped but...)
(She seems to think her posture is not that natural...)
(So she decided to do a special solution...)
(Endless jump practice!)
(And then she finished the filming well...)
(Now she holding a mini fan to film the next scene!)
(She's trying her best to do a lip sync...)
(However, actually it looks like she is trying to hold her laughing!)
Kim Lip: I don't know what's going on~
Kim Lip: Yeah, it was totally fun
Kim Lip: It might not come out in the music video
Kim Lip: Anyway, I had so much fun!
Kim Lip: Actually it was so funny
Kim Lip: So I don't know what I did, exactly~
Kim Lip: But it was fun!
Kim Lip: I think I didn't do it well because it was hilarious~